the piece of bach the cantata is here
to get used to the pivot ie
change
the passage of the thumb below you
remember your back range
that's exactly what we're going to work
in this track follow the fingerings well
that they are indicated they are there for
help you to finish the piece
without finally a fluid way without a hitch
so we'll start with just one
little note before playing note
although the chords that are written
in a series in France is
exceptionally but they are not
necessarily of good measure it is necessary
play them together with the note at
above which to go c I chose
to write his pieces in this way
so that we do not get used to
always look in agreement at the beginning of
extent where both so many here it's
every three times that there is an agreement
so I start on the 1st of May the pot
on the back I put the metronome with and
that I'm going it's a little bit
always at 60 so you show them the
first notes are without agreement the
first agreement happens only on the 3rd
minute
Oh
no
pivot
all
the 106 kg 1
who
all
no
Oh
all
for
no
all
so you'll notice that I chose
at times a princess of an agreement
up down
it's a show that 's first
its practical aspect since I want
always avoid both hands
gets confused with each other so if
I see that at some point the left hand
is likely is too good me I the
do an octave cuba that's all
just once we know a little
better our agreements we can think of
a little more logical way
turn into the future commander lessons
go out another way
but for now I confess you enough to
know that two things about this
piece to finish
respect that I wanted
already said but it's really important
to practice at the pivot and then to
the place of the fingers on the keyboard is
also there is a note that you are
not supposed not necessarily supposed to know
in any case there is a serious incident in
bleeding below the back we see it the
second line
the third line third measure to
every time you believe the third
measure begins with a put then y'a
a back and after there is so serious and
so the back was on number 2
and so the siggraph is the one of
underneath just that's good back
it's not a big problem but
This is not so far that's right the
height matters here in height costs
it is she who determines the note the name
of note
height is also his position on the
keyboard you will have noticed from any
way that the back the one that
now I think it's the one that
you find the best back, for example
the first note of this piece
this is the sweet center of the keyboard
it tells you that all the notes before
the back as here the shrink that I that I
tell you I'm carrying you
your attention above and below
why because in the score he
is lower half who before the back he
is on top because he's on the
partition is the hottest
here we have another water in the
score cse dolla the back and gu
how is it that's not it
just because that's not it
because he feels not noted of the same
way on the score this one is
higher than this one so note well
this nuance in the in the height of
Notes
this one can help you also more note
plus a note and water on the score
the more she'll be on the right of the
keyboard but had made you dream
always in relation to the basic back
the one that is rated one so I was saying in
first date of this partition is
well the central back of the keyboard for a
case via 88 keys they have that the
fourth of water otherwise it's ludo du
simply middle